---
cover: '/portrait.jpg'
author:
  name: Ludovik Allen
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ludovik-allen-b7201714a/
date: 2023-12-05
layout: article
---

# What's this about

Welcome to my safe space, where I'm devoted to supporting developers and all participants in the software development process. My primary aim is to facilitate learning about new tools and optimizing their use. Through a collection of tips, tutorials, and insights, I strive to simplify software development for everyone involved.
#
My overarching goal is to bridge the gap between software developers and product teams. Along this journey, I'll share my discoveries and practical implementation strategies, aiming to foster better collaboration and understanding between these essential aspects of the development process. 
#
I'm still on a quest to finding the right amount of good enough and I want to bring you with me on that.

### A little about me
As a developer, I enjoy testing new things and embracing significant challenges. I find myself thriving when confronted with a problem I've never encountered before. I am drawn to innovation and the satisfaction of achieving 80% of a goal in just 1% of the usual time. I believe that a certain degree of laziness in development can help enhances the Developer Experience, and there's always room for improvement in this area.

My current ambition is to become a Technical Product Manager. I aspire to channel my passion for creating exceptional products towards aiding developers in their work. I prioritize creating new value, especially solutions that effectively address genuine user issues.

On a personal level, I strive to be kind and lead a joyful life. I have a keen interest in hockey and sports analytics. I am something of an espresso enthusiast and could talk about it for hours. I'm also pretty basic on my sitcoms, my current favorites are Ted Lasso and The Good Place.

That's about it. If you wish to discuss anything, don't hesitate to reach out. My inbox are always open, and I'm fluent in English and French.