---
title: 'Experience'
layout: 'page'
---

### Jobs
::Card
#title
Workleap (Previously GSoft) ✨ 2022 - Present
#description
_**Full Stack Developer**_
#
Being part of the project from its initial stages allowed me to contribute to crucial decisions, witnessing the evolution from an MVP to refining it for market fit. This experience provided me with insights into transforming a product into a mature and competitive offering.
#
Working with .NET for microservices and React in the frontend, we've embraced modern development practices. Continuous deployment on Azure infrastructure using Bicep, Helm, Kubernetes, and Azure best practices has been integral, ensuring scalability, efficiency, and reliability. Currently working on making 
#
This journey has taught me immensely about the product side of software development. Understanding market needs, adapting to user feedback, and iterating for improvement has not only enriched my technical skills but also deepened my passion for creating impactful software solutions.
::
#

::Card
#title
Morgan Stanley 🏦 2021 - 2022
#description
_**Back End Developer**_
#
At Morgan Stanley, I contributed to an internal tool aimed at aggregating stock market value data from diverse sources into a unified platform. Our primary focus was to modernize an outdated monolithic application by transitioning it into a microservices architecture, emphasizing high availability and accelerated processing speed.
#
Using Java Spring for the backend and Angular for the frontend, we implemented robust internal tooling for deployment and infrastructure management, ensuring a streamlined development process.
#
This experience was instrumental in my adoption of trunk-based development methodologies, enabling continuous integration and deployment. Additionally, it was during this time that I honed skills in crafting comprehensive Architecture Decision Records (ADR), emphasizing scalable, well-tested code as a fundamental practice.
::
#

::Card
#title
AGT Robotics 🤖 2019 - 2021
#description
_**Desktop Developer**_
#
At AGT Robotics, I contributed to an innovative application designed to streamline manufacturing processes by automatically welding steel beams based on CAD file inputs from multiple sources.
#
Working primarily on a desktop application using C# and WPF, I introduced crucial testing methodologies into the codebase and spearheaded the adoption of Scrum for our team, enhancing our project management practices.
#
My tenure at AGT Robotics served as a pivotal learning phase in DevOps practices. I took the initiative to implement Azure DevOps, enabling automated app version creation with every code push. Through trial and error, I gained valuable insights into advanced Git usage. Moreover, my solo development of a new application from inception sparked my interest in and appreciation for product management.
::
#

### Pet projects


::Card
#title
Stats Guys 🏒
#description
_**Co-Founder, CTO or whatever buzzword, it's a personnal project for fun**_
#
Our current pet project involves the development of a website dedicated to predicting sports game outcomes, specifically focusing on hockey games using AI-driven algorithms. Our primary emphasis is on providing users with accurate Shot On Game predictions for players involved in the games, ensuring a user-friendly interface for seamless interaction.
#
To achieve precise predictions, we leverage advanced data gathered from various sources, such as MoneyPuck, to construct and refine our predictive models. Our future roadmap includes venturing into video analysis of games, aiming to extract new advanced statistics that will further enhance the accuracy and depth of our prediction models.
#
To expedite our project's development cycle, we've strategically opted for NestJS on the backend and React on the frontend, leveraging their efficiency and robustness. Deploying on Vercel enables us to achieve rapid iteration cycles, ensuring quick and seamless updates to our website. This choice of technologies and deployment platform empowers us to focus on delivering swift and responsive iterations of our predictive sports game website.
::
#